README.md, before:


![Group 2 (1)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1bb43b44-006d-4a1c-a41b-61eb718d3efd)

# thirdweb Telegram Mini App Example (Unity WebGL Version!)

[<img alt="thirdweb SDK" src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/thirdweb?label=Thirdweb SDK&style=for-the-badge&logo=npm" height="30">](https://www.npmjs.com/package/thirdweb)
[<img alt="Discord" src="https://img.shields.io/discord/834227967404146718.svg?color=7289da&label=discord&logo=discord&style=for-the-badge" height="30">](https://discord.gg/thirdweb)

This branch contains `unity-app` - an example Unity WebGL project (2022.3+), and an altered implementation of the original `next-app`.

## Set up this project for Unity

Stay on this branch and follow the steps in the [original readme](https://github.com/thirdweb-example/telegram-mini-app/blob/main/README.md) to get setup.

Open the Unity example project, it already has thirdweb's [Unity SDK](https://github.com/thirdweb-dev/unity-sdk) imported.

1. Open `Scene_TelegramExample`

2. Set the client id you previously created in your `ThirdwebManager`

3. Set the `ServerUrl` and `EncryptionKey` in the scene's `TelegramIAWCustomAuth` to your server url and your `NEXT_PUBLIC_AUTH_PHRASE` respectively.

4. Build

5. Copy the Build folder's outputs to this repo's `root/next-app/public/unity-webgl`. (It should have Build, lib, TemplateData and index.html).

That's it, start the bot and you should see Unity load and after a few seconds, your wallet will be connected.

## How it works

As opposed to the original project, the callback from the telegram bot starting now stores the auth token for that user in memory temporarily (for production, use a more scalable system).

A few seconds later Unity will query it and it'll be consumed.

From there, you simply use the Unity SDK's `InAppWallet` + `AuthEndpoint` login!

Note that you must run the Unity build from Telegram for it to work properly. Make sure you use thirdweb's WebGL Template.

```csharp
var connection = new WalletConnection(
    provider: WalletProvider.InAppWallet,
    chainId: 1,
    authOptions: new AuthOptions(authProvider: AuthProvider.AuthEndpoint, jwtOrPayload: JsonConvert.SerializeObject(payload), encryptionKey: EncryptionKey)
);
var address = await ThirdwebManager.Instance.SDK.Wallet.Connect(connection);
```

![5e7b2d6120c217a46b0b73e99c6cdeb2](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/caf101be-231e-49b0-acc1-4e499d6c912a)

## Support

For help or feedback, please [visit our support site](https://thirdweb.com/support)

Commit message:

simplify, no memory temp, use query param

README.md, after:


![Group 2 (1)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1bb43b44-006d-4a1c-a41b-61eb718d3efd)

# thirdweb Telegram Mini App Example (Unity WebGL Version!)

[<img alt="thirdweb SDK" src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/thirdweb?label=Thirdweb SDK&style=for-the-badge&logo=npm" height="30">](https://www.npmjs.com/package/thirdweb)
[<img alt="Discord" src="https://img.shields.io/discord/834227967404146718.svg?color=7289da&label=discord&logo=discord&style=for-the-badge" height="30">](https://discord.gg/thirdweb)

This branch contains `unity-app` - an example Unity WebGL project (2022.3+), and an altered implementation of the original `next-app`.

## Set up this project for Unity

Stay on this branch and follow the steps in the [original readme](https://github.com/thirdweb-example/telegram-mini-app/blob/main/README.md) to get setup.

Open the Unity example project, it already has thirdweb's [Unity SDK](https://github.com/thirdweb-dev/unity-sdk) imported.

1. Open `Scene_TelegramExample`

2. Set the client id you previously created in your `ThirdwebManager`

3. Set the `ServerUrl` and `EncryptionKey` in the scene's `TelegramIAWCustomAuth` to your server url and your `NEXT_PUBLIC_AUTH_PHRASE` respectively.

4. Build

5. Copy the Build folder's outputs to this repo's `root/next-app/public/unity-webgl`. (It should have Build, lib, TemplateData and index.html).

That's it, start the bot and you should see Unity load and after a few seconds, your wallet will be connected (default is Smart Wallet on Arbitrum Sepolia).

## How it works

As opposed to the original project, the callback from the telegram bot starting passes the payload to unity through query params for simplicity.

A few seconds later Unity will query it and it'll be consumed.

From there, you simply use the Unity SDK's `InAppWallet` + `AuthEndpoint` login!

Note that you must run the Unity build from Telegram for it to work properly. Make sure you use thirdweb's WebGL Template.

```csharp
var connection = new WalletConnection(
    provider: WalletProvider.SmartWallet,
    chainId: ThirdwebManager.Instance.SDK.Session.ChainId,
    personalWallet: WalletProvider.InAppWallet,
    authOptions: new AuthOptions(authProvider: AuthProvider.AuthEndpoint, jwtOrPayload: JsonConvert.SerializeObject(payload), encryptionKey: EncryptionKey)
);
var address = await ThirdwebManager.Instance.SDK.Wallet.Connect(connection);
```

![5e7b2d6120c217a46b0b73e99c6cdeb2](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/caf101be-231e-49b0-acc1-4e499d6c912a)

## Support

For help or feedback, please [visit our support site](https://thirdweb.com/support)
